# mobile-programming
# This app was made to be an alternative to other event adding apps. It was made to have login abilities, event adding, and notification abilities. 
# This app had an easy to use login screen with the ability to create an account on the spot, it had a screen to add events, it had a screen to view, delete, or edit events, and it has a screen to add permissions. All of these features are meant to be very user friendly with clear display on what goes in each field and error messages on clear display for anything that might be entered incorrectly. 
# When it came to coding my app, I did one screen at a time, starting with the login screen. From there I made sure each was functional on their own and then made sure they worked together after the fact. This made it easy to know what was already done, and what was fully tested. This is something I have done in other classes because it makes it easy to focus on specifics and then worry about the integration afterwards. 
# I made sure to test each feature as I added it. This made it easy to find problems before they became larger issues. It helped me find ways to limit database issues like adding events with the same name and having it remove multiple events and not just the one that I was selecting. 
# Somethings I got to innovate was the error handling when things were entered wrong. I was able to think of different ways to display information and pass data between activities. 
# I think that the way I handled editing existing events was a good show of my knowledge. It was not difficult but it was a puzzle figuring out how to get the right data to the right places. 
